Bartholomew Roberts;1;20;150;1;true;Royal Rover Fortune Ranger;14;0;During the ‘Golden Age’ of piracy, Welshman Bartholomew Roberts plundered more than four hundred ships (known as ‘prizes’), making him the most successful pirate of the era. Posthumously known as ‘Black Bart’, Roberts pillaged without discretion, unconcerned by the nationality of his prey, targeting vessels of the transatlantic slave route, with intimidation achieved by his flagship Royal Fortune, crewed with two hundred men and forty cannon.
Calico Jack;2;20;150;2;true;Kingston;14;0;John "Jack" Rackham (born on 26 December 1682, died on 18 November 1720) did not manage in his short career as a Caribbean pirate where he gained nickname "Calico Jack" to amass incredible wealth or respect that many other pirates managed to do so, but his associations with other pirates and his unique pirate that had two female pirate crew members managed to make him one of the best remember pirates of all time. He was not regarded as the great fighter or fierce naval tactician, but his cunning mind and tendency to use backstabbing and politics to further his goals made him one of most unique pirates on the seas of Caribbean. Calico Jack had on the modern image of pirates is his Jolly Rogers flag. While the majority of pirate crews used designs that had a depiction of full human skeletons using some weapon, Calico Jack promoted an iconic pirate flag design that today represents a synonym for a naval piracy - black flag with white human skull and two white crossed swords beneath it.
Csen Ji-sao;3;20;150;1;true;Csen's Wife;14;0;She became a pirate wife from a Chinese prostitute and then the commander of one of the largest pirate fleets in history, Chen Ji-Sao. He managed to rise from one of the brothels of Canton to the point where he married the greatest pirate leader of the age, Chen. Chen's pirate army had about 70,000 fighters and 400 ships, so it almost completely ruled the South China Sea. After seven years of marriage, however, Chen died, and his successor was resolved by Chen Ji-Sao marrying Chen's previously born son, his own stepchild. Substantial control, however, has since been exercised by the pirate woman, and she has done so well that by 1810 she had become the number one public enemy in China, against whom the help of the British and Portuguese navies had also been sought.
Edward Teach;4;20;160;1;true;Queen Anne's Revenge;14;0;Edward Teach (c. 1680–1718) - better known as the Blackbeard - was the most notorious pirate of the golden age of piracy, whose name was feared throughout the Caribbean and the western Atlantic in the early 18th century. His presumably frightening physique also contributed greatly to his reputation: he lit slowly burning wicks in his black facial hair to dread his appearance. He began his career as a member of the crew of Benjamin Hornigold in Nassaun, but soon became a formidable pirate captain in his own right. The Bristol haram, perhaps best known for what made Charleston a surprise blockade in 1718. The infamous pirate was eventually killed by troops sent by Alexander Spotswood, the governor of Virginia, on the island of Ocracoke in North Carolina that same year. His legacy has been the inspiration for many depictions of pirates throughout history.
Grace O'Malley;5;20;150;1;true;Bald Grace;14;0;One of the earliest known female pirates in the world was the Irish Grace O’Malley, who was regularly born into the pirate profession around 1530: her ancestors had already done so, and she grew up almost on board and then carried on the family business. They attacked mainly English and Spanish ships, so it is no wonder that they often had trouble with the English authorities: Grace's two sons were also taken prisoner on one occasion.
Jeanne de Clisson;6;25;150;1;true;My Revenge;14;0;Jeanne de Clisson (1300–1359), also known as Jeanne de Belleville and the Lioness of Brittany, was a Breton former noblewoman who became a privateer to avenge her husband after he was executed for treason by the French king. She crossed the English Channel targeting French ships and often slaughtering their crew. It was her practice to leave at least one sailor alive to carry her message to the King of France.
Kuo-hszing-je;7;20;150;1;true;Mother;14;0;His Kuo-hsing inherited his father's merchant fleet in the 1630s, but gained fame as a soldier: he fought to restore power to the Ming Dynasty. When Ching's army occupied the city of Guangzhou, Kuo-hing's mother either committed suicide or was raped and killed by the attackers. Upon hearing the news, Kuo-hing led his army against the city and defeated the Qing army. After burying her mother fairly, she went to a Confucian church next to the city, where, according to legend, she burned her previous clothes and prayed with tears in her eyes, “In the past, I was a good Confucian subject and a receptive child of my parents. I'm just an orphan now, without an emperor. I have no country and no home. I swore I would fight the Chings to the last breath, but my father gave himself up to them and I had no choice but to deny my father’s will. Please forgive me." His Kuo-hsing then gathered his comrades-in-arms and swore allegiance to the Ming Dynasty with them. By 1650, his ships had taken possession of much of the Chinese coast, and his Kuo-hing remained a thorn in the eyes of the Manchu-founded Qing Dynasty until his death in 1662. Today, he lives in the memory of the Chinese as a cruel pirate and a national hero.
Sir Francis Drake;8;20;150;1;true;Golden Hind;14;0;The English regard him as a hero, but the Spaniards have a very different view of Sir Francia Drake, also known as the "Devil of the Seven Seas." The pirate began looting Spanish ships stationed on the American continent in the early 1570s, with the permission of the Queen. In 1579, he captured a Spanish galley called Cacafuego off the coast of present-day Peru, with which he acquired one of the greatest treasures ever captured by pirates. The Spaniards demanded his head, but Queen Elizabeth I instead knighted him.
Sir Henry Morgan;9;20;150;1;true;Satisfaction;14;0;Henry Morgan began his career in 1654, starting at Port Royal, Jamaica. The bucaner (pirates hunting the Spaniards in the Caribbean was so called) was a professional pirate of the English. He reached the age of 27 as captain and his greatest success can be attributed to his 1671 raid on the city of Panama. In 1673, the then British monarch II. Charles was knighted for his work, and with it was later appointed deputy governor of Jamaica. He also settled here, retired from public life in his old age, and devoted his skills to the production of his favorite beverage, rum. Captain Morgan died in 1688, but he passed down the science of making the famous drink made from sugar cane to posterity.
Zheng Yi Sao;10;20;150;1;true;Black Widow;14;0;Zheng Yi Sao, also known as Ching Shih. She was considered the pirate queen of the Pacific. He was actually called “Cheng’s Widow,” and in the early 1800s he oversaw — and plundered — the entire South China Sea, but he also fought the English, the Portuguese — and always won. Her husband was already pirating for the family’s bread, leading the Red Flag Fleet while Ching Shih worked as a prostitute. They were married in 1801, adding to the power of the pirate fleet with the cunning of the woman, her good relations with former senior Chinese gentlemen, and her ambition. The woman soon became a deputy commander, so when Cheng died in 1807, he took power with another deputy commander — not, incidentally, his lover. He further developed the “family business”, building a respectable fleet: one thousand eight hundred ships, fifteen thousand male pirates were under his direct command, and 70-80 thousand pirates worked for him in the waters. There was no shortage of treasure and money, She collected defense money and duties, and he handed over a part of the kidnapped loot to everyone. Anyone who did not like this provision was immediately beheaded without any trial. When he was satisfied with the management of the fleet at the age of 35, he retired, but only after all his pirates had managed to fight an amnesty from the cantonal governor. With a noble title and a small private fleet, he leaned back in his pocket and then lived in a brothel and lived peacefully until he was 69 years old, even having a child.